i'm d rose and this is the return i try
to break everything down as simple as
possible when i'm working now always say
if it's painful see how long go through
it because a normal person can stop
right when they feel pain I try to see
how long car go through it because I try
to make myself different enough other
people I'm good right now I started
running that was my first time running
and I'm just trying to get healthy
that's my biggest thing get my body
together rebuilding my whole body and
just have a lot of confidence in myself
and see where it takes
though the late eh
coming back to Chicago everybody from
Chicago no the Handy gone for too long
it seemed like you've been training to
come back here being around my friends
family fans feels good I'm just blessed
them for me my new commercial for the
rose three it's a commercial where the
whole concept of the commercial is
becoming that hey Chris gotta get these
shirts after my man
I think it's gonna like touch the city
and touch my fans everywhere it's for
the city of Chicago I know that you love
it I'm anxious actually just to see how
everybody takes it in it felt unreal man
just walking out there shaking everybody
hand felt like an actual game
now working out the back on the court
never stopped him and that's why I think
me and Adidas became partners they're
trying to grow I'm trying to grow as a
player and we're never satisfied we're
always trying to improve I could
practice all day skirmish with you guys
or whatever but it's not gonna be the
same time step on that court again
always try to do something get further
it's the same way he did when he was in
high school at the school he practiced
and he went to the gym this is what he
wants this is life she chose and if you
want it you have to work hard to keep it
and keep on going with it so I believe
he will come back and when he do I'm be
at the ball Center chin for my baby